DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/java/quick-starts/livedata.txt

Quick Start with LiveData - Java SDK
====================================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Learn how to quickly integrate realm into an Android application with LiveData

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to quickly integrate the Atlas Device SDK for Java into an Android application using LiveData.
```
